Fix T1019069 - Documentataion - It's unclear how to create dxChart without jQuery (#2674)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/zz Common/15 Advanced/40 3rd-Party Frameworks Integration API/10 Create and Configure a UI Component.md

    let instance = new Accordion(element, options);
    ...

> 

Reviewer: I have the following comments regarding Line 1 above:

1) `To create a UI component, call its constructor passing the target element and a configuration object.`

For my understanding, does the developer pass the target element and a configuration object as _parameters_?
If so, do we need to specify this in the sentence?

2) `The target element may need to have additional style properties set, for example, data visualization UI components' **display** should be set to "block".`

I'd like to update this sentence so that it specifies _who_ sets the style properties. Is it the developer ("you")? For example:

`You may need to set additional properties for the target element (for example, the **display** property of data visualization UI components should be set to "block").`

Author: 1. Not really. In this case, constructor is called implicitly so we do not pass the parameters.
2. Your suggestion fits perfectly - 
You may need to set additional properties for the target element (for example, the **display** property of data visualization UI components should be set to "block").

Reviewer: Thank you. Can you please apply my suggestion?

Author: sure

Reviewer: Thank you!

> If you do not use modules, you can access constructors of most of the UI components via the **DevExpress.ui** namespace. The exceptions are data visualization components: [VectorMap](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxVectorMap/), [RangeSelector](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSelector/), all types of Charts and Gauges. They belong to the **DevExpress.viz** namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not use modules, you can use the **DevExpress.ui** namespace to access constructors of most of the UI components. The exceptions are data visualization components: [VectorMap](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxVectorMap/), [RangeSelector](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSelector/), and all types of Charts and Gauges. These components belong to the **DevExpress.viz** namespace.
```
